---
layout: post
template: one-col
title:  "- Google Compute Engine cloud"
date:   2036-12-24 10:51:22
cloud66_text: "Try Cloud 66 for free"
cloud66_sticky: true
categories: deployment
lead: Use your Google Compute Engine account with Cloud 66
search-tags: ['gce', 'google', 'google cloud', 'compute engine', 'google compute engine']
tags: ['']
---

<h2>Contents</h2>
<ul class="page-toc">
	<li>
		<a href="#about">About using Google Compute Engine cloud</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		<a href="#gen">Generate GCE API keys</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		<a href="#add">Add GCE keys to a stack</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		<a href="#external">External links</a>
	</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="about">About using Google Compute Engine cloud</h2>
You can use Cloud 66 to provision and deploy your code to servers in any [Google Compute Engine (GCE) region](/api/basics/instance-regions.html).

<h2 id="gen">Generate GCE API keys</h2>
You need to provide your GCE API keys in order for Cloud 66 to access your account. To generate these, access the _Developers Console_ of your Google account, and create a project if you don't already have one. Once you have a project, access it and click the _APIs & auth_ -> _APIs_ menu. On this page, make sure that the option for _Google Compute Cloud_ is turned _On_. 

Next, in the same menu, click _Credentials_ and then _Create new Client ID_. Select _Service account_ from the options provided, and click _Create Client ID_. This will automatically download a JSON file for you, which contains your credentials. We won't be using this file, but you can keep it for your records.

We need three credentials to connect with your account:

1. Email address - this is now available on the _APIs & auth_ -> _Credentials_ page
2. P12 key - on that same page, click _Generate new P12 key_, which will download it for you
3. Project ID - this is available at the top of the _Overview_ page

You may also have to enable billing for your account through the _Billing and settings_ menu.

<h2 id="add">Add GCE keys to a stack</h2>
Visit the Cloud 66 Dashboard and select _Get started building a stack_. After connecting to your Git repository and analyzing your code, you will be asked to _Add your cloud platform_. From this menu, select _Google Compute Cloud_ and provide your credentials.
<br/>
<div class="notice notice-warning">
    <h3>Notice</h3>
    <p>Should you wish to delete your stack on Cloud 66, your servers <b>will not</b> be deleted on your cloud provider.</p>
</div>

<h2 id="external">External links</h2>
<ul>
	<li><a href="https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/zones#available" target="_blank">GCE regions</a></li>
	<li><a href="https://cloud.google.com/products/compute-engine/#pricing" target="_blank">GCE pricing</a></li>
</ul>
