---
layout: api_post
title:  'API Examples'
categories:
  - api
  - basics
date: 2013-11-19
tags: ['api examples']
---


<div class="heading-wrap">
    <h1>
        API Examples
    </h1>
</div>

<h2>Introduction</h2>

We use OAuth 2 for our API authentication and access control. Implementing OAuth 2 is easier than OAuth 1 and there are many libraries in different languages that make it even easier to write an OAuth 2 client. Here are some examples for a Cloud 66 API client.

## Ruby

### Gem used
* [oauth2](https://github.com/intridea/oauth2)

This example shows how to get the first token using the Application (Client) ID and Secret. This is using **urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob** for commandline tools.

Once you have the code, you can apply for a token. Tokens issued by the API server do not expire and are valid until the user revokes their access. You can see how to store and retrieve the token for future use in this example.

{% highlight ruby %}
require 'rubygems'
require 'oauth2'
require 'json'

base = 'https://app.cloud66.com'
api_url = 'https://app.cloud66.com/api/2'

if File.exists? '/tmp/cloud66_oauth_test.json'
    config = JSON.parse(File.read('/tmp/cloud66_oauth_test.json'))
    client = OAuth2::Client.new(config['app_id'], config['app_secret'], :site => base)
    token = OAuth2::AccessToken.new(client, config['token'])
else
    client = OAuth2::Client.new(ENV['APP_ID'], ENV['APP_SECRET'], :site => base)
    puts client.auth_code.authorize_url(:redirect_uri => 'urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob', :scope => 'public admin redeploy')

    puts "Enter the code:"
    code = gets.strip

    token = client.auth_code.get_token(code, :redirect_uri => "urn:ietf:wg:oauth:2.0:oob")

    # save it
    File.write('/tmp/cloud66_oauth_test.json', { :app_id => ENV['APP_ID'], :app_secret => ENV['APP_SECRET'], :token => token.token }.to_json)
end

# Now you can use the toekn to call API methods, like:

# List all the stacks
response = token.get("#{api_url}/stacks.json")

# list all the servers in the stack
stack_uid = 'ENTER_STACK_UID'
response = token.get("#{api_url}/stacks/#{stack_uid}/servers.json")

server_uid = 'ENTER_SERVER_UID'
# or force an IP change notification for the server
response = token.post("#{api_url}/servers/#{server_uid}/force_ip.json", :body => { :ext_ipv4 => 'NEW_IP_ADDRESS_HERE' })

# show the response (no error handling)
puts JSON.parse(response.body)['response']
{% endhighlight %}
