---
layout: post
template: two-col
title:  "Set"
date:   2013-01-25 01:01:01
categories: toolbelt
lead: Change stack settings from the commandline
---

## Summary
Change stack settings listed by the [Settings command](/toolbelt/settings.html).

## Usage
{% highlight bash %}
$ c66 set --stack STACK_UID --setting_name SETTING_NAME --value VALUE
{% endhighlight %}

## Parameters
* stack - UID of the stack (alias: s)
* setting_name - any valid setting (see below) (alias: n)
* value - a valid value for the setting (alias v)

## Example
{% highlight bash %}
$ c66 set --stack ba89f0edfa254d46ba9e15920e7f69be --setting_name git.branch --value master
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight bash %}
$ c66 set -s ba89f0edfa254d46ba9e15920e7f69be -n git.branch -v master
{% endhighlight %}

## Valid Settings
* `git.branch` - Git branch of the stack repository.
* `git.repository` - Git repository URL.
* `reconfigure.nginx` - If set to true, it will regenerate ngxin configuration and restart it.

## Notes
You can find your stack UID under the Stack Information item of the stack menu in the web dashboard. It is a GUID that looks like this: `ba89f0edfa254d46ba9e15920e7f69be`

#### Changing git settings
If you change the stack git parameters like `git.branch` or `git.repository` you might need to delete the `cached-copy` under the `shared` folder of the stack on the servers before your next deployment. On a typical deployment, the `cached-copy` folder can be found under `$BASE_PATH/shared/cached-copy`

#### Reconfiguring nginx
The `reconfigure.nginx` is a flag that can be set for the next deployment only. It can only be set to `true` and will be reset back to `false` upon the next deployment.

Setting `reconfigure.nginx` flag will force the deployment process to regenerate the nginx settings. This can be useful when you change an nginx related setting in your [manifest file](/stack-features/manifest-files.html), like enabling _Perfect Forward Secrecy_.

{% include toolbelt_footer.html %}