---
layout: post
template: two-col
title:  "Security on Cloud 66"
so_title: "security"
nav_sticky: true
nav: true
nav_prev: "/getting-started/support.html"
nav_next: "/getting-started/team-accounts.html"
date:   2035-11-18 16:27:22
categories: getting-started
lead: Security is of our utmost concern
---

We take your security extremely seriously at Cloud 66. In order to protect our customers and ensure safe access to their code, infrastructure and servers, we take a wide and deep set of measures to ensure access control, security, damage prevention and error protection.

## Infrastructure security
Our servers are hosted on Amazon Web Services, with firewalls and intrusion protection systems to protect from malicious traffic. We have alerts and lock-out mechanisms in place to prevent automated attacks.

On the server level, web and backend processes run on different users and groups with different access rights. No frontend process (such as web, API, hooks) has access to source code folders.

## Customer protection

All sensitive data including API keys, SSH keys and passwords are encrypted. Decryption keys are located on a separate server on a different network and firewall. In addition, this server only serves the decryption keys at the initialization of the application and is only accessible with a triple authentication method during a short time frame.

Our logs are stripped of any data that is not generated by our own servers, and we do not store logs from any client servers.

We take a wide range of other measures to improve [stack security](/stack-features/stack-security.html), and help our users to improve their security by [upgrading their stack](/how-to/upgrade-packages.html). The list of [gateway IP addresses](/stack-features/stack-security.html) that we use to access customer servers is public, and servers are configured to only allow connections from these IP addresses from the very start.

Though customer source code is retrieved for analysis, it is stored on a separate server only for a short period of time. All sensitive parts of customer data, such as environment variables, are encrypted together with the production keys as mentioned above.

## Human error prevention

Production decryption keys are not accessible by our staff at any time, making the production database unusable for outsiders. All administrator accounts use two-factor authentication, and these accounts are only available to select senior staff members.

## Program error prevention

Committing code with git or cloud API that contains delete instructions is prohibited. In addition, all access to cloud vendor API and customer git code goes through a wrapper that is constantly controlled for changes and does not contain any destructive actions such as edit, delete or commit.

By adopting these rules we ensure even bugs in our codebase will not be able to perform any destructive actions on customer code or infrastructure.

## Reporting security issues

We take customer security very seriously. Please refer to our [security page](https://www.cloud66.com/security) if you would like to talk to us about security.
