---
layout: post
title:  "Cloud 66 Toolbelt"
date:   2013-09-24 10:51:22
categories: getting-started
---

<p class="lead">
    A simple command-line interface for Cloud 66 features and settings.
</p>

<p>The Cloud 66 toolbelt allows you to deploy, modify settings and retrieve the current status of your stacks, and much more!</p>

## Install it

You can install the Cloud 66 Toolbelt using [RubyGems](http://rubygems.org/):

<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ gem install c66</kbd>
</pre>

## Initialize it

To connect the toolbelt to your Cloud 66 account, initialize it by running:

<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 init</kbd>
</pre>

Visit the URL provided, authorize the application and copy-paste the authorization code provided into your terminal.

**Note**: Your toolbelt information is saved in a folder called .cloud66 in your current folder.

## Simple Commands

1. List all stacks (with UID): `c66 list`
2. Deploy a stack: `c66 deploy -s <stack_UID>` or `c66 deploy --stack <stack_UID>`
3. Retrieve stack settings: `c66 settings --stack <stack_UID>`

## Advanced Commands
#### Changing stack settings
Your stack settings currently allow you to change your git **branch** and **repository**, and setting true/false on **reconfiguring Nginx**.
<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 set --stack &lt;stack&#95;uid&gt; --setting&#95;name &lt;setting&#95;name&gt; --value &lt;value&gt;</kbd>
</pre>

#### Changing stack settings (when default stack UID is saved)
<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 set --setting&#95;name &lt;setting&#95;name&gt; --value &lt;value&gt;</kbd>
</pre>

#### Lease an IP address
You can allow an IP address to connect temporarily to a specific stack on port 22.
<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 lease --stack &lt;stack&#95;UID&gt; --ip-address &lt;ip&#95;address&gt; --time-to-open &lt;time&#95;to&#95;open&gt;</kbd>
</pre>
or
<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 lease -s &lt;stack&#95;UID&gt; -i &lt;ip&#95;address&gt; -t &lt;time&#95;to&#95;open&gt;</kbd>
</pre>

**Note:** The parameters *ip-address* and *time-to-open* are optional. By default *ip&#95;address* is set to your IP address, and *time-to-open* is set to 20 minutes.

To allow your own IP address to connect temporarily to the specific stack:

<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 lease --stack &lt;stack&#95;UID&gt;</kbd>
</pre>

If a default stack UID is saved:

<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 lease</kbd>
</pre>

## Shortcuts
You can make a specific stack default by running:

- `c66 save -s <stack_UID>` or `c66 save --stack <stack_UID>`

By saving your stack UID, you can run commands without specifying a stack. For instance, you can deploy a stack by running:

- `c66 deploy` or `c66 d`

Additionally, you can save multiple stack UIDs by assigning each one an alias:

- `c66 save --stack <stack_UID> --alias <stack_alias>`

You can then run commands on these aliases:

- `c66 deploy -s <stack_alias>`

## Information about your toolbelt settings

At any time, you can see your toolbelt settings, it includes the version of the toolbelt but also some information about your saved stacks:

<pre class="terminal">
<kbd>$ c66 info</kbd>
</pre>

## Help

With the c66 gem installed, you can run a number of commands to view help pages.

1. For the generic help page: `c66 help` or `c66`
2. To see the help page for a specific command: `c66 help <command>`

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Create new Pull Request